[Music]
every Christmas morning underneath the
tree lots of lovely presents are waiting
there for me and though anointed lighted
it's hard to get excited who needs
another sweater hey Santa there is
something that I'd like a whole lot
better
I'm listening Santa I've been a good
girl this year
use only one thing that I want I want a
boob job for Christmas big old knockers
out to here it would make me proud to be
endowed like the Playmate of the Year
I want a boob job
Christmas make them big and make them
one
they all
please take good near on the side
leaving hefty happy voters mushy-gushy
collected shooters of the pervy cleavage
on display lusty busty watermelon
teachers biggest mount st. helens that
is what she wants this holiday Santa
give me this one gift it's not my
spirits that are sagging it's my boobs
that need a left Oh Santa and you know
this Christmas season give me a pair of
juicy jugs and you can be the first to
squeeze up
I want a boob job for Christmas spongy
so
who need them I can stay on load with my
bulging shift pontoons bursting pplz
bozos wild and wiggly walk big koalas
nestled in a cup that's double d massimo
ghini d memories begin of the p2 family
Santa won't you listen to her me
Oh
when you've done that
if it's okay stand to my
Oh
[Music]